DOCSP-39421-detailed-extras (#151)
mongodb/docs-commandline-tools: source/mongodump.txt

.. include:: /includes/fact-online-archive-callout.rst

> ``mongodump`` can export:
> 
> - Collection documents, metadata, and options.
> - Index definitions.
> - Writes that occur during the export.

Reviewer: Looks good! My only suggestion is to drop "can" so it's clear up front what's exported and what's optional

```suggestion
``mongodump`` exports:

- Collection documents, metadata, and options.
- Index definitions.
- Writes that occur during the export, if run with the ``mongodump`` :option:`--oplog <mongodump --oplog>` option.
```

Author: Done.

.. include:: /includes/fact-online-archive-callout.rst

> ``mongodump`` exports:

Reviewer 2: nit: can we choose a different word than export, e.g., "capture" or "dump"? I think the export language may make this more easily confused with mongoexport.

Author: Will do.
